Bump version 0.1.1 (#19)
Idein/actfw-jetson: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.1.1 (2021-09-02)

- Update package dependencies.

>  - We can now use actfw-jetson with actfw-core^2.1.1. (actfw-core==2.1.1 enables `V4LCameraCapture` to work in 64-bit linux environments including jetson)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - We can now use `actfw-jetson` with `actfw-core >= 2.1.1`, which supported `V4LCameraCapture` in 64-bit linux environments including jetson.
```

sounds more natural?

Reviewer: s/jetson/Jetson/ ?

# Changelog

## 0.1.1 (2021-09-02)

> - Update dependencies.

Reviewer: Ditto. If users can use a USB camera by updating to 0.1.1, I think it is better to write that.
